(CLATTERING)
ALLY: (WHISPERS) Ivy, did you hear that?
Ivy?
(SCREAMING)
-(TRUMP SPEAKING ON TV)
-There is a clown
in the bed with me!
No! We are calling the police!
Oz is upstairs!
Ivy...
(PANTING)
-Ivy.
-Stay behind me.
(WHISPERING) Where is it?
Okay.
No.
(BOTH PANTING)
(PANTING)
Okay.
Where is he?
-He was right there.
-Okay.
There.
He could be in there. In there.
(BREATH TREMBLING)
Is that...
This can't... can't...
This can't be my imagination.
(PANTS) I'm sorry.
(INHALES DEEPLY)
I don't know how much more
of this I can take.
Come here. Come here.
(SIGHS)
I think there might be
something wrong with me.
(CRYING) I don't know what's real anymore.
(SOBS)
I am.
(SNIFFLING)
You are.
What we have together...
(PANTING)
...this is real.
Hmm?
(GASPS SOFTLY)
Scream
and I'll kill you.
(RASPY BREATHING)
(SCREAMS)
(CLOWN YELLING)
(DOORKNOB RATTLES)
OZ: Mom!
(OZ SCREAMING, CRYING)
Oz, Oz.
Wake up, honey.
You're having a night terror.
(GROANING)
-Oz, wake up.
-(PANTING RAPIDLY)
Okay, hon.
Yeah, okay. It's okay.
You're safe now, sweetheart.
The clowns are gonna kill me.
-Come here.
-I want Mom.
-Mom.
-Okay.
Okay.
Yeah.
I'm here, okay?
(THEME MUSIC PLAYING)
NEWSWOMAN: A brutal attack
caught on cell phone video.
What started
as a grotesque example of crime
in a small Michigan town
has taken an unexpected
and political turn.
It was a week ago today
that local man Kai Anderson
was badly beaten by migrant workers
outside of a local hardware store.
The attack was filmed
by Meadow and Harrison Wilton
and given exclusively to us
here at Channel 7.
HARRISON: The video doesn't even convey
how awful it was.
Oh, thank goodness for modern technology.
I just hope it helps them
convict those guys.
NEWSWOMAN: The attackers are being held
in an ICE detention facility,
while authorities decide
whether to make them stand trial
or to deport them immediately.
I'm disgusted and outraged.
When President Trump called them
criminals and rapists,
he was viciously attacked
by the PC police.
(ON TV) I grew up in this town,
and I remember
when our communities were safe,
but they're not anymore.
Look at my face.
Look at my face, Michigan!
I'm done complaining.
Which is why I'm here at City Hall
picking up my paperwork
so I can officially run
for the seat on the city council
that was made vacant...
(EXHALES)
...by the tragic murder
of Councilman Chang.
(SIGHS)
-Just vote Kai Anderson.
-(VEHICLE APPROACHING)
Vote for the man
who can take your fear away.
They're out there.
NEWSWOMAN:
More on the campaign as it progresses.
Beverly Hope, Channel 7 News.
Bob, back to you.
(ENGINE STARTS)
(BIRDS CHIRPING)
-HARRISON: Can I help you?
-Uh...
Ladies and gentlemen,
tonight we need to hum
like a well-oiled machine,
as Ivy is leaving early.
That means all stations cleaned,
all food prepped a half hour
before we open.
When Ivy is gone I am in charge.
That means when I talk, you listen. Pedro.
It also means we will speak English only
in my kitchen,
so we can all communicate.
(SWEARS IN SPANISH)
Fuck you! You get that cholo shit
out of my kitchen
before I shove this ladle up your ass.
-Bring it, pendejo.
-English, goddamn...
Hey! Whoa, whoa, whoa,
what the hell, you two?
Put it down, both of you. Now.
Get back to work, Pedro.
-(WHISPERS) You need to fire this asshole.
-I'm not about to fire
an immigrant in this climate.
Where's Ivy?
You're lucky, bitch.
(RUNNING FOOTFALLS)
Oz? Oz.
So, what, you're not talking to me today?
I got homework.
Liar. You've been
throwing shade ever since
I picked you up from school.
Here. I got this for you.
Just don't tell your moms.
Look, Oz.
What did you tell my moms
about what happened across the street?
They think I made everything up.
No, they think you imagined it.
It's a little bit different.
-Are you making fun of me?
-Look, Oz,
people are going to believe
what they're going to believe.
The trick is figuring out
what they want to believe
and then giving it to them.
What are you doing?
You're scared.
(DISTORTED SCREAMS)
What if they come back?
The ones who really did it.
They won't come back for you.
How do you know? I was a witness.
But nobody knows that. Right?
Give me your pinky.
Why?
I'm going to show you a trick.
It's going to help you.
Come on.
Pinky to pinky.
We're connected, Oz.
Flesh to flesh.
If you lie, I'll know.
You're afraid of the house
across the street.
You wouldn't even look at it
when we got home.
I wish we'd never gone over there.
Did you notice somebody's moving in?
How did that make you feel?
-Nervous.
-Afraid.
Pinky to pinky.
Flesh to flesh.
You're going to give me your fear, Oz.
I'm going to keep it for you.
It's gonna make us both stronger.
Oz?
Ozymandias?
Ozzie?
(DOOR CLOSES)
WINTER: He's across the street
with the new neighbors.
I just came back to grab a jacket for him.
He's there alone?
Yeah. They're super cool.
Oh, my God.
Oz!
(OZ SQUEALS)
Jesus Christ.
Oz!
-Awesome.
-I know, right?
Ozzie! Ozzie, get away from there!
You could get stung.
We don't know if you're allergic or not.
Come here.
Oh, no, no, no, it's fine.
They don't sting.
Not when they're gainfully employed.
Moms, look at the honeycombs.
MEADOW: Is she okay?
It's too much sun.
No, I'm... I'm fine.
Hey, I'm Harrison.
Harrison Wilton. This is my wife, Meadow.
I... I'm sorry, I hope it's okay that we
invited the kid over to
see our little colony.
Children get such a kick out of it.
-Kind of makes us feel like kids again.
-(LAUGHS)
How do you know they don't sting?
I read about a beekeeper in California
who was killed by his bees.
If there is a story about
something horrible happening,
-Ally knows about it.
-(LAUGHTER)
I'm sorry. I'm Ivy Mayfair-Richards,
and this is my very worried wife, Ally.
Oh, thank God. I always say the best way
to bring up property values
is to have some lesbians move in.
Responsible homeowners.
Usually one of you is handy.
I'm guessing that would be you.
What was up with you earlier,
Little Miss Snoopy-pants?
Uh, sorry, I, um...
(CLEARS THROAT)
I'm sorry. I just...
I was a little unnerved
by someone moving in
so soon after the incident.
Oh, you mean the murder-suicide?
Ooh...
(BOTH LAUGHING)
I'm sorry. It makes us feel better
to have a sense of humor about it.
Truth be told, as soon as we saw
what happened on the news,
we called the owners of the house.
The Changs were renters?
I didn't know that.
We had a feeling the owners
would be motivated to sell.
And they were.
We've had some credit issues.
A foreclosure, followed by the big B-word.
So, uh, it's been hard.
These owners just
signed over the lease to us.
Wow. You guys are so honest.
Oh. (LAUGHS) Well,
it's the way of the world now, right?
Lay it all out there.
You know? Radical, fearless honesty.
Facebook, Twitter, blah, blah, blah.
"Everyone look at me," right?
Excuse me, sir.
To answer your question from before,
a hive is the perfect natural community,
because every single member of the hive
is completely committed 100%
to a singular task.
There's no arguments,
there's no complaints, there's no "me."
I admire them.
Would you guys like
some Crystal Light lemonade?
I need to get out of the sun.
I can't drink this stuff
without thinking of Beyoncé now.
Thank you for coming in.
I have this ongoing battle with the sun.
I used to love it.
I fried myself like bacon.
But then I had skin cancer
a couple years back,
so I never spend
more than 10 minutes outside at a time.
I still get melanomas.
It's global warming.
We're all gonna get cancer.
Had to quit my job.
I was in pharmaceuticals.
I work from home now, and Etsy is my life.
-Big Nicole Kidman fans, huh?
-Oh, the biggest.
We're co-vice presidents
of the Michigan chapter of her fan club.
Have you seen Big Little Lies?
She's transcendent.
Sweetheart,
-your gay is showing.
-Wait, I'm...
You're gay?
Yeah. (CHUCKLES)
We were besties in high school
and we made a pact.
If we weren't married by 35,
we'd marry each other.
He gets one night a week
in Detroit to do whatever.
And the rule is no making a fool of me
and take your Truvada.
And, you know, Meadow doesn't
really like to be touched
because of her cancer, so...
Kind of all works out.
Wow. Uh, you know,
we have just blathered on, haven't we?
Tell us about you.
We need to go, um, actually.
We need to get Oz into the bath.
-Oh.
-But thank you so much
for your hospitality.
Well, drop by anytime,
if you want to hang or watch Bravo
or something.
I watch all the Real Housewives,
even Atlanta.
-Hey, do you go to SoulCycle?
-And, if you ever want a real workout,
I'm a trainer over at
Funtime Fitness in Northville.
Oh, I'm addicted to Pilates.
Doesn't it upset you?
To be here so soon after what happened?
We don't scare easily.
It was nice meeting you.
ALLY: Ozzie?
Yeah, they're eccentric,
but they seem nice enough.
Ivy, come on, the barrels?
What is that about?
What could they possibly be storing
in such mass quantities?
What they do is none of our business.
You aren't at all suspicious?
-No. (LAUGHS)
-Why not? It's so str...
-Moms.
-Hi, honey.
-I can't sleep.
-Sweetheart,
we told you not to eat chocolate
before you go to sleep.
-I didn't.
-Ozzie.
I don't want to sleep in my bedroom.
I'm scared.
Okay.
Come here. There's plenty of room.
It's a California king.
-Come on.
-Get in here.
-Get in here!
-Oh, my goodness,
-there's so much tickling!
-(CELL PHONE VIBRATES)
-And there's chin tickling and there's...
-Shit.
What is it? What's the matter?
Something tripped the security system
at the restaurant.
That thing is so faulty,
I'd rather just get it replaced.
You're leaving?
Yeah, bud, but I'll be right back.
(QUIETLY) Okay.
I can go.
-It's totally fine.
-Uh, are you sure?
Yeah. Um...
Absolutely. You... You stay here.
I... I won't be gone very long.
It's only just...
You know, I'll be about an hour.
Okay.
Okay, the disarm code's Oz's birthday.
If it looks like there's been a break-in,
don't go inside.
Don't go inside. Okay.
I've got this. Okay?
(ALARM WAILING)
(ALARM CONTINUES WAILING)
(ALARM STOPS)
(SOFT METALLIC SQUEAKING IN DISTANCE)
(SOFT METALLIC SQUEAKING CONTINUES)
(FLIPS SWITCH)
(FLIPPING SWITCH)
(CLATTERING)
(EXHALES)
(PANTING, TREMBLING)
(CONTINUES PANTING)
(SCREAMING)
(SHAKING DOOR)
(TEAKETTLE WHISTLING)
(WHISTLING STOPS)
(DOOR OPENS)
Hey, guess who happened to be
in the neighborhood.
Ally, how are you?
Tea?
Sure. Just plain.
Would you like a cup?
Uh, no. I've got to pick some herbs
from the backyard for the restaurant.
But, um, you guys can talk.
Not very subtle, but...
I guess she meant well.
(CONSTRUCTION NOISE IN DISTANCE)
(CUPS CLACK)
Did she tell you I'm coming unglued?
I was the one who reached out
when you missed your appointments.
Thanks.
Ivy told me about what happened.
About the murder
in the restaurant last week.
(BREATHES DEEPLY)
Did she tell you
I was the one who killed him?
Roger was still alive
when I found him.
I tried to help him, but...
(SCREAMS)
Ally, you didn't kill him.
-You tried to save his life.
-(SNIFFLES)
It's the truth,
and the police certainly know that.
(LAUGH WRYLY)
(WHISPERS) The police.
They just wanted me
to pin it on the usual suspects.
The busboy, what is his name again?
The one who had the argument?
It was Pedro Morales. (SNIFFLES)
Is there anything else
you want to tell me about him?
He's not the killer.
Mmm. Well, according to your wife,
Mr. Morales pulled a knife on the victim
hours before he was murdered.
(EXHALES)
That is because Roger
threatened him first.
You said that he wanted him fired.
So far we don't have any direct evidence,
but we do have motive and we have access.
I've known Pedro since
we opened the restaurant.
He didn't do this.
What exactly is
Mr. Morales' immigration status?
He's American.
VINCENT: Ally,
let's talk about
how you feel in the present.
I... I feel like I've been vindicated.
My phobias were a perfect reaction
to what I instinctively knew was true.
My entire being was telling me this.
The world is fucked up.
And the election made it worse.
I'm gonna do whatever it takes
to keep my family safe.
HARRISON: I know exactly what you need.
MEADOW: He's been buying guns
since Obama got elected.
HARRISON: Yeah. It was a matter of time
before he came after
our Second Amendment rights, so...
I got one, and then it was
like potato chips, you know?
I had to have another.
I find it very phallic.
You think I need a gun?
It's the only thing
that's gonna make you feel safe again.
What about this?
You can stop the zombie apocalypse
with an AR-15 and a full magazine.
(EXHALES) Uh...
I don't think I could handle
something that big.
Well, I've heard that before.
(CHUCKLES)
Here.
You can have any one of these,
except that one.
Oh. That's the pistol Nicole used
in Cold Mountain.
(SOFTLY) Ally.
Ally, this is not like you.
I seriously think you sh...
Ally...
I seriously think you should reconsider.
Are you talking as my therapist,
-or as a knee-jerk liberal?
-(SIGHS)
Because that was my first reaction, also,
until I started to reason it out.
Okay.
Then this is definitely something
you want to tell your wife about.
Absolutely not.
And you're not gonna tell her, either.
It's doctor-patient confidentiality.
(SOFTLY) Right.
Call me.
(DOOR OPENS)
(DOOR CLOSES)
So, what's the verdict?
Well, considering what she went through,
I think fortifying the house
is in the realm of a normal reaction.
It's proactive.
Makes her feel like she's more in control.
So, nothing to worry about?
Well, I do worry that she's exhibiting
early signs of agoraphobia.
I'd keep an eye on her.
I... I can't. Um... (CHUCKLES)
I mean, one of us has to work.
But I, um...
I just hired a full-time nanny,
so maybe she can help, um...
Is there anything else
you need to tell me?
No, nothing yet.
That's not completely reassuring.
It's the best I can do for now.
Thank you.
(CAR DOOR OPENS)
(DOOR CLOSES)
(ENGINE STARTS)
I can't believe you did that.
I'm worried about you.
(QUIETLY) Yeah. You should be.
-(CAR DOOR CLOSES)
-(ENGINE STARTS)
(DRILL WHIRRING)
(RHYTHMIC KNOCKING)
(KNOCKING)
KAI: Hello, ma'am. Miss.
I never know what's right.
Everything seems to offend nowadays.
I recognize you from television. Yeah.
You're that asshole who threw
a latte on my wife and me.
Is that right?
Was that you?
I'm so sorry.
Okay? I... I'm Mr. Clumsy,
you know, just...
Mr. Butterfingers.
I don't think it was an accident.
I'm sure you've made
a mistake or two in your life
you'd want to be forgiven for.
What do you want?
I'm running for city council.
My hope is that I can get elected
and be known and remembered
as the man who made a real
difference in this town,
rather than the one who was
savagely beaten and humiliated.
Or who accidentally
spilled my latte on you.
You see... You need to give
a humiliated man
some way to redeem himself
in his own eyes,
or else he's at risk
to be drawn into darkness.
Like Germany after World War I.
May I come in and speak to you
about some of my ideas?
No. No, you cannot.
When was the last time
you felt really safe?
Like, can you remember
when you weren't scared all the time?
I'm sorry, um...
What does that have to do
with you running for city council?
Did you know that you are 40% more likely
to be the victim of a violent crime
committed at the hands
of an illegal immigrant,
and that the murder and rape rates
are the highest they've ever been?
That... That's not true.
Those numbers don't seem right to me.
(LAUGHS) Where are you
getting your information from?
Facebook.
Okay, well, you might want
to recheck the veracity.
There are no political parties
anymore, ma'am.
It's just... Miss...
It's just them and you
and the people like me
who are willing to stand between you.
I am interested in reaching out to people,
making contact with other human beings,
building bridges, not walls.
What's that behind your back?
This door is new.
Strong.
Why would you need
a strong door like this?
Bars in the windows?
Why would you need a knife
to answer the door?
Are you gonna melt all this metal down
and build a bridge?
I'm gonna need you to leave now.
Mmm. It's so hot out here. Can I come in
-for a glass of water? Please?
-No.
No, you cannot.
Can I use your phone?
My car broke down. Pretty please?
I'm gonna need you to get off my property.
Can I use your restroom?
Can't you see I'm an injured man?
Aren't a vulnerable class now?
I am going to call the police!
It's so easy
until it's you they're coming for.
Cops came to my house,
asked me a bunch of questions
like I was a suspect.
Scared the shit out of my daughter.
Asked to see my papers.
I was born in San Diego.
Okay, all right. Take it easy.
I had to take out
a second mortgage on my house
to place this order.
Had to toss everything
that was here when...
(PANTING)
You know me, Ivy.
You know I didn't do this, right?
(EXHALES)
Pedro, you're a good man.
Everybody who works here is like family.
It's scary to be brown these days.
Mama's not gonna put me in bed, is she?
I told her I'd do it.
She's checking the alarms.
You don't need me to tuck you in
or any lame shit like that, do you?
No.
Cool. Good night.
Hey.
Maybe we should do the pinky thing again.
Why?
I'm worried about those things
coming back.
In my dreams, I mean.
I don't even know if I'm awake
or if I'm asleep.
Well, if you're not sure, just ask.
-Oh, my God.
-Jesus.
-(SIGHS)
-You seem even more uptight than usual.
(GROANS)
I'm supposed to take these. (SNIFFLES)
Promised Ivy I would, but I don't want to.
Make me feel foggy.
-There are other ways to unwind.
-What, like meditation?
(SCOFFS)
I've tried it.
Well, I was thinking more like red wine
and bath salts.
(KNOB CREAKS)
You don't have to do that.
It's fine.
(SIGHS)
Steamy.
-I can take it from here.
-Okay.
Well, it's perfect.
I'll go check on Oz.
(DOOR CLOSES)
(DISTORTED, ECHOING CLACK)
(EXHALES SLOWLY)
(BREATHES DEEPLY)
See? It's perfect, right?
Winter. (CHUCKLES SOFTLY)
Just lean forward a little.
(LAUGHS SOFTLY)
What if Ozzie needs something?
He's sound asleep. We'll hear him.
Come on. Let's get you relaxed.
How does that feel?
Amazing.
Good.
Just release that tension.
Just let it all go.
(SOFT SPLASH)
Don't stress.
I won't tell your wife
you didn't take your meds.
This is between us.
(ALARM BLARING)
Oh, shit. Oh, shit.
(ALARM STOPS)
(GASPS)
Am I asleep?
Or are you real?
You're asleep.
-Did you check on Oz? Is he okay?
-He's passed out.
Did you see?
The power's out on the whole block.
Yes. Help me set up some candles.
I have no idea how many we have,
but maybe we can put two in each room.
-(BANGING ON DOOR)
-HARRISON: Lesbians!
We're under attack.
-What?
-The blackout. It's terrorism.
I just heard it on the radio.
Eight states just went dark,
all at the same time.
That doesn't just happen.
Buddy of mine used to work
at the power company.
There's a whole network of safeguards
in place, backup systems.
Something this big takes planning,
it takes organization.
It could have been the Russians,
could have been the Somalis,
could be those crazy freaks
in North Korea.
Holy shit. What should we do?
Make sure you keep your doors locked.
People are gonna panic.
Here, take these candles.
Organic beeswax from my honeybees.
They'll last you a couple of days,
at least until the rioters
have come and gone.
Stay inside.
Please don't go!
Shit.
(PANTS, STAMMERS)
Winter, what are you doing?
What are you doing?
He said people are gonna attack.
I'm not gonna wait
for some asshole to smash my windows
and take my shit.
You heard what he said.
You cannot go out there. It is not safe.
I've got to get home. My laptop's there,
my ceramics, my entire life.
You can replace all of that.
You have to stay here.
We are protected here. Please.
Please. Oz needs you, I need you.
It's not always about you.
Winter, please don't go.
-Please don't!
-(DOOR CLOSES)
(BREATH TREMBLING)
Ivy, Ivy, Ivy.
Ivy, Ivy, Ivy...
-(CELL PHONE BUZZING)
-(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
Hey, babe. Is the power out there, too?
Yes. Yes. Oh, my God, Ivy.
What if it's the Russians or... Or ISIS?
Okay, calm down. You're...
You got to relax, okay?
You're freaking out.
(CRYING) I can't calm down.
We are by ourselves.
We're by ourselves,
and my battery is gonna die.
When are you coming home?
Yeah, I... I don't know, because I've got
to get a backup generator going,
or we'll lose everything
we've got in cold storage, okay? And...
I am really feeling paralyzed here.
Please. I need you.
(RAPID BEEPING OVER PHONE)
Ivy? Hello?
Shit!
Was that mean?
-Did I sound awful?
-PEDRO: No.
I talk to my wife like that.
Her phone just died.
Um, could you do me a favor and, um,
bring this charger over to her?
You know what? Actually, would you bring
all this stuff to her?
I'll get some water.
(LOCK CLACKS)
(PANTING, TREMBLING)
(CRYING) Come on...
(DOOR CREAKING)
(BREATHING DEEPLY)
(VEHICLE IDLING)
(ICE CREAM TRUCK MUSIC PLAYING)
(VEHICLE RATTLING, ENGINE IDLING)
(ENGINE TURNS OFF)
(MUSIC STOPS)
(PANTING, TREMBLING)
(GRUNTING)
Shit.
Come on.
(BREATHING SHARPLY)
What happened to the battery backup?
Shit!
Shit.
Oh, my God.
(CRYING) Oh, my God.
(SCREAMING)
(BLOWS)
(WHIMPERING)
(PANTING)
(GROANS)
(GUN CLICKS)
Ozzie, wake up!
Come on, baby, you got to wake up.
-Is it morning?
-No. Come on.
-My glasses.
-Grab them. Grab them, Ozzie.
-Come on.
-Okay.
-Where are we going?
-Shh!
Ozzie, shh.
(SHUSHING)
Come on, take my hand.
-Is that a gun? I'm scared.
-Shh!
Ozzie, please, not another word.
Okay. Okay, okay.
Come on.
(PANTING) Come here.
Ozzie, I need you to listen to me.
Okay.
-Okay.
When I open this door,
-I need you to run.
-Okay.
I need you to run like the wind.
Okay, we're gonna run to the neighbors.
And do not let go of my hand.
-Okay?
-Mmm-hmm.
Okay?
Okay.
(SHRIEKS)